updated known issues (#4367)
MicrosoftDocs/OfficeDocs-SkypeForBusiness: Teams/rooms/known-issues.md

| Issue title |  Behavior \/ Symptom | Known workaround | KB Article |
|  ---        |      ---             |   ---            | --- |
|  App out of date         |    The Microsoft Teams Rooms console shows a "system config out of date" error.                |   [Use the Microsoft Teams Rooms recovery tool](recovery-tool.md)             |  None |

> |  Device updated to Windows 10 version 1809   |    Device upgraded from Windows 10 1803 to unsupported version 1809 and not upgrading to 1903 |   This can be caused if the [Group Policy or MDM setting for DeferFeatureUpdatesPeriodinDays](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/deployment/update/waas-configure-wufb) is set to the maximum of 365 days. Such a setting prevents an 1803 device from taking any newer updates that have not been in market for 365 days. Windows 10 1809 version is not support for Microsoft Teams Rooms, and has been in-market for 365 days as of March 27th, 2020 while version 1903, will not have been in-market until May 20th, 2020. The fix for this situation is to **remove** any Group Policy or MDM settings for deferring updates - this will allow the system to upgrade to the latest, supported OS version. It is imperitive that the Group Policy or MDM setting be **removed** (left completely unconfigured) and **not set to 0**. If the policy is set to 0, the system will take latest available version which may not yet be supported (sucha as 1909). |  None |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|  Device updated to Windows 10, version 1809   |    Device upgraded from Windows 10, version 1803 to unsupported version 1809 and not upgrading to version 1903 |   This can be caused if the [Group Policy or MDM setting for DeferFeatureUpdatesPeriodinDays](https://docs.microsoft.com/windows/deployment/update/waas-configure-wufb) is set to the maximum of 365 days. Such a setting prevents a Windows 10, version 1803 device from taking any newer updates that have not been in the market for 365 days. Windows 10, version 1809 is not supported for Microsoft Teams Rooms and has been in-market for 365 days as of March 27th, 2020, while version 1903 will not have been in-market until May 20th, 2020. The fix for this situation is to **remove** any Group Policy or MDM setting for deferring updates - this will allow the system to upgrade to the latest, supported OS version. It is imperative that the Group Policy or MDM setting be **removed** (left completely unconfigured) and **not set to 0**. If the policy is set to 0, the system will take the latest available version which may not yet be supported (such as version 1909). |  None |
```

<a name="OS-conflicts"> </a>  
## User interface 

| Issue title |  Behavior \/ Symptom | Known workaround | KB Article |
|  ---        |      ---             |   ---            | --- |

> |Virtual keyboard missing   | The virtual keyboard doesn't appear when you need to enter information in Microsoft Teams Rooms. This issue occurs in Windows 10 1903. | Install 2020-04 Cummulative Update for Windows 10 version 1903 for x64-based Systems through Windows Updates  | None | 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|Virtual keyboard missing   | The virtual keyboard doesn't appear when you need to enter information in Microsoft Teams Rooms. This issue occurs in Windows 10, version 1903. | Install 2020-04 Cumulative Update for Windows 10, version 1903 for x64-based Systems through Windows Updates  | None | 
```
